Merry Christmas! And happy holidays!
This mod is an entire content mod based on an old inside joke my friend had with another one of his friends.
This year I thought I'd take the one thing he made and make something amazing out of it for him, tho his friend never got to enjoy what RockmanSolid made,

To Solid,
Heya bud, it's been quite the year hasn't it? So much has happened and despite it all we've not drifted a part for even a single second.
I'm so proud of you and everything you've worked on, you deserve the world.
This is your idea come to life, the small spark you made. I don't regret teaching you how to mod for a second,
And I just hope that you play this mod and feel all of the time and love I put into it for you.
Here's to another year!

This mod includes;
- New weapons including a weapon that upgrades with you
- New damage class
- New armour
- New mobs
- New Prefixes
- And more!

Thank you all so much for playing and enjoying the mod! It means a lot to me!
~ Salaro

This mod is still in early access and will see frequent updates until I can finish all of my planned content!
Feel free to leave suggestions for items that you want to see added to the mod in the discord server for the mod.
This mod isn't done and I'll be continuing to add stuff to it even once I'm done my planned content!

Update Changelog V.1.2
Weapon Update Part One:
Added "Nog Bomba"
- A grenade like weapon that applies the ichor debuff to targets that it hits. Very strong but make sure not to stand in the explosion
Added "Chipped Gingerbread"
- A boomerang weapon that isn't very special but it doesn't good damage and can pierce a single enemy for extra damage
Added "Candy Cane Spear"
- A simple spear weapon that looks like a candy cane. It's FESTIVE

Update Changelog V.1.1.1
Ammo Update:
Added new ammo types to add new types of play for the glock and other gun types of weapons

Changes:
- Chlorophyte Glitter can be made with only 1 bar now

What's New:
Added "Roasted Chestnut"
- A new type of ammo that shatters upon hitting a target. Makes for great crowd control although being weaker
Added "Sharp Candy Cane"
- A new type of ammo that pierces through a large amount of mobs. Makes for great crowd control.
Added "Endless Glint Pouch"
- A new type of ammo that's allows for infinite Glint Rounds.

Update Changelog V.1.1.0.3

Changes:
Arms dealer now always sells glintround
Arms dealer sells chlorophyte rounds after you beat Plantera

Update Changelog V.1.1.0.2

Changes:
Increased Santa's Beard damage boost to 5%
Fixed name of the Elf Armour breastplate
Fixed recipe of Santa's Glock
Increased drop rate and drop amount of Elf

What's New:
Added "Gift Bow"
- A new weapon that can be made after killing the World Evil boss
Added "Jolly Rifle"
- A new gun that spawns in locked chests in the dungeon (temporary, will drop from a mob in the future)